Taipei Municipal Government Bureau of Culture 2018 Taipei Arts Festival FAQ
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture Taipei City Hall, Taipei City, Taiwan (107/06/03-05)
Taipei City Hall Cultural Affairs Bureau 2018 Taipei Film Festival FAQ
Taiwan New Culture and Sports Memorial Hall, Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Hall, Taipei New Culture and Sports Memorial Hall Opening and Viewing Hours?
Taipei Municipal Government Bureau of Culture 2018 Taipei Children's Arts Festival FAQ
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Art Grants Application Time and Plan Implementation Time
Cultural Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government Xinfangchun Tea House Location, Opening Hours, Contact Information
Taipei City Hall Cultural Affairs Bureau How to get to the Songshan Cultural and Creative Park
What are the conditions for a designated monument building to be eligible for a transfer of its capacity?
What should an owner of a monument who has received a monument proclamation do if he or she is not satisfied with the designation process?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government How does the Taipei City Government's Committee on Historic Sites and Cultural Landscapes consist of the Historic Sites and Cultural Landscape Committee?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government How to apply for "Monument" designation and "Historic Building" registration? What are the procedures for the designation of "monuments" and registration of "historic buildings"?
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture, Taipei, Taiwan Are tickets required? Contact number? Traffic information?
What are the opening hours of the Lin Yutang residence of the Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government? Are tickets required? Contact number? Traffic information?
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Hall, Taipei, Taiwan How can I get around?
What are the rights and benefits of the owner's premises after they are designated as a monument?
What should I do if I find a building suspected of being a monument during construction?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government My home is near a monument, will my rights be harmed?
How does the Bureau of Cultural Affairs of the Taipei Municipal Government remove the status of "monument" or "historic building"?
What are the restrictions on the development of the monument perimeter?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Who is eligible to restore monuments?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What will the government do about the damage caused by the major disaster?
Taipei City Hall Cultural Affairs Bureau
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture, Taipei, Taiwan Are tickets required? Contact number?
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Hall Opening Hours? Are tickets required? Contact number?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Taipei Costume and Culture Center (Xiyuan Erjiu) Opening Hours? Are tickets required? Contact number? Traffic information?
What are the opening hours of the former residence of Li Ding, Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government? Is there no charge for tickets?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei Municipal Government How does the Taipei Puppet Theater charge?
What are the regulations for protected trees in Taipei City within the project area?
What is the procedure for applying for an old tree transplant from the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government? Documents to be prepared?
What are the opening hours of Treasure Rock International Art Village? Is it free of charge?
Department of Culture, Taipei City Hall, Taipei Puppet Theater Address and Opening Hours?
Where can I get information about the Taipei Puppet Theater?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government How to check the information of the Culture and Arts Foundation registered in Taipei
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Address and contact number of Taipei International Art Village?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government How do I get to Taipei International Art Village by public transportation?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Hall, Taipei International Art Village Opening Hours? Is it free of charge?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Hall, Taipei Puppet Theater, do you have a place to eat? Is there a restaurant?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei Municipal Government Do you have any other activities in the Taipei Puppet Theater other than tours?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Do you need to pay for DIY instruction at the Taipei Puppet Theater? How much does it cost?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What are the small interactive performances at the Taipei Puppet Theater? Is there a fee? How much does it cost?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What are the main activities of the Taipei Puppet Theater?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Is the Taipei Puppet Theater suitable for school visits?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Where can I buy publications from the Bureau of Culture
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government How do I get to the Beitou Hot Spring Museum and its opening hours?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Where can I get information about the museums commissioned by the Bureau of Culture?
What is the threshold for the establishment of the Taipei Culture and Arts Foundation of the Taipei City Government? Is there any supervision method or application form to refer to?
What should I do about the change of the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government's Culture and Arts Foundation?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government, Bureau of Culture Where to buy the bill
Taipei City Government, Bureau of Culture, Bureau of Culture, why the deposit and security deposit account
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government How are protected trees pruned in Taipei City?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What are the legal sources of the protection of old trees in Taipei City?
How does the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government know if a tree in their home is a protected tree?
Does the Bureau of Culture of the Taipei City Government have any publications or websites about public art in the city?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What are the standards for protected trees in Taipei City?
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture, Taipei, Taiwan
What is the amount of security deposit and tolls for the road sections managed by the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government?
How does the Bureau of Culture of the Taipei City Government manage the application for temporary events on specific road sections?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Number of Arts Grants, Number of Applications and Project Limitations
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government Arts Grants
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture
How does the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government know about the activities held at the Taipei International Art Village?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What is Art Space?
What will the government do if a monument is damaged by human beings?
How does the Bureau of Culture of the Taipei City Government handle the transfer of the monument's land area?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What is the location, location and scale of the Taipei Performing Arts Center?
What information is available on the city's public art website?
What is the address and opening hours of the Yongan Art Museum?
Address of the Mayor's Residence and opening hours of the Mayor's Residence, Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government
Taipei City Hall, Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Hall, Taipei, Taiwan Are there any related discounts?
What is the area of the road managed by the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government?
How does the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government use the road section managed by the Cultural Affairs Bureau?
How does the Bureau of Culture of the Taipei City Government handle the dissolution of the Culture and Arts Foundation?
Bureau of Culture, Taipei City Government What is the location, location and scale of the "Taipei Pop Music Center"?
How do I apply for a cultural poster frame set up by the Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government? Which posters should I send to the Taipei Pop Music Center? What is the vetting mechanism? Where should the posters be placed?
The Bureau of Industry Development of the Taipei City Government will conduct a survey on the Taipei Science Park and Biotechnology Industry this year (107). (Survey of Neihu Science Park, Nangang Software Industrial Park, Dabian South Industrial Park, Neihu 5 Redistricting District and Taipei City Biotech Company, etc.)
The Taipei City Government Industrial Development Bureau will conduct a survey on the Taipei City Technology Park and Biotechnology Industry this year (107). (Neihu Science Park, Nangang Software Industrial Park, Dabian South Industrial Park, Neihu 5 Redistricting Zone, and Taipei City Biotechnology Industry Survey)
Taipei City Government Industrial Development Bureau Technology Industry Service Center Did the city send staff to conduct investigation in the Taipei Neihu Science Park, Nangang Software Industrial Park, Daibeng South Industrial Park, Neihu V Redistricting District, and Taipei City Biotech Corporation?
Taipei City Council, Taiwan Industry Development Bureau, Technology and Industry Service Center Where can I get services if I have any questions or will not fill out the application form?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau Technology Industry Service Center The Taipei Inner Lake Science Park currently allows access to the industry's inquiry channel?
What are the eligibility requirements for the "Enterprise Operation Headquarters" to enter the Neihu Science Park? What are the accompanying documents to be examined?
Technology Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau Which industries in the Taipei Neihu Science Park can engage in international trade or wholesale of their business products?
Taipei Biotechnology Award What do we do?
Technology Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government Industry Development Council Information Services Industry is allowed to set up in the Taipei Neihu Science Park.
What are the strategic industries of the Technology Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau? What are the requirements for the strategic industries to be located in the Neihu Science Park?
Can retail sales be conducted in the Neihu Science and Technology Park?
What are the requirements for the banking and insurance industries to set up in the Neihu Science and Technology Park?
What are the regulations for the establishment of clinics and pharmacies in the Neihu Science Park by the Technology and Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government's Industry Development Bureau?
What are the regulations for the establishment of clinics and pharmacies in the Taipei Neihu Science Park?
Can general offices be located in the Taipei Neihu Science Park?
What are the restrictions for the catering industry to enter the Neihu Science Park?
Who should apply for the Taipei City Youth Venture Capital Loan?
Is there any floor or area restriction for companies to operate restaurants in the southern industrial area of Taibeng?
Under what circumstances will the interest subsidy for the Taipei City Youth Venture Capital Loan be cancelled?
Is it possible to engage in the preparation, manufacture and storage of "nuclear medicine and radiopharmaceuticals" in the Neihu Science Park?
Can the Science and Technology Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government's Industry Development Bureau engage in the "radioactive industry" in the Neihu Science Park?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Financing Loan】Where should I apply for this loan?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center 【Youth Venture Capital Loan】Where should I apply for this loan?
What are the eligibility criteria for the Youth Venture Capital Loan? How much can I apply for?
Can couples apply for this loan at the same time when they start different businesses?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau Technology Industry Service Center 【Youth Venture Finance Loan】 How long is the repayment period of this loan? What is the interest rate?
If I have applied for other government loans, such as the Phoenix Loan for Micro-entrepreneurship, the Phoenix Loan for Youth Entrepreneurship and the Start-up Loan, can I apply for this loan before the loan is repaid?
What is the process of applying for the Youth Venture Finance Loan? How many days does it take?
Is a guarantor or collateral required to apply for this loan? Do I have to pay an additional fee?
The Youth Venture Capital Loan is a small-scale business that has been approved by the Taipei City Government's Industry Development Bureau. What are the industries it covers?
If a person changes his or her business address or project, can he or she be recalculated based on the change of registration date?
The Youth Business Start-up Financing Loan is available to companies that have been established for more than 5 years and have been in business for less than 5 years due to business closure.
The Youth Business Start-up Financing Loan】After applying for this loan, can I extend the repayment period of the loan if I close down my business after less than 5 years of operation? How should I calculate the interest?
Where can I get this loan information and application form?
The Youth Venture Capital Loan】Can I appoint someone else to fill out this loan proposal on my behalf?
The Youth Venture Capital Loan】Is there any industry restriction on applying for this loan?
If the business is running well, can this loan be repaid in advance?
How do I repay the loan after the loan application is approved?
The Youth Venture Capital Loan is a loan that has been approved by the Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau.
Can I use this loan to repay a loan I borrowed from another financial institution?
What is the focus of the review of the Youth Venture Capital Loan?
The Youth Business Start-up Financing Loan】Which bank will approve the loan after it is approved?
Youth Venture Capital Loan】Can I apply for this loan when my business is still in the planning stage?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center [SME Financing Loan] What are the eligibility criteria for this loan? How much can I apply?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center [SME Financing Loan] How long is the repayment period of this loan? What is the interest rate?
The Technology and Industry Service Center of Taipei City Government, Industry Development Bureau 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Finance Loan】 What is the purpose of this loan?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Financing Loan】Who should apply for this loan?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Finance Loan】What documents do I need to submit to apply for this loan?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center 【Small and Medium Enterprise Financing】How do I apply for a credit report?
The Technology and Industry Service Center of Taipei City Government, Industry Development Bureau 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Finance Loan】 What is the application process for this loan? How many days do I need to apply for this loan?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center, Taipei, Taiwan 【SME Financing Loan】Do I need a guarantor or collateral to apply for this loan? Do I have to pay an extra fee?
The National Science and Technology Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Finance Loan】 How is the SME recognized in this loan?
The Government of Taipei, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center [SME Financing Loan] How is the small-scale business referred to in this loan recognized? What are the industries it covers?
The Technology and Industry Service Center of Taipei City Government, Industry Development Bureau 【Small and Medium Enterprise Finance Loan】 Under what circumstances will the interest subsidy for this loan be cancelled?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center [SME Financing Loan] What are the circumstances under which an applicant or enterprise may not be able to apply for this loan?
What is the focus of the review of this loan?
The Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau Science and Technology Industry Service Center [SME Financing Loan] If this loan is approved, which bank will approve the loan?
The Taipei Municipal Government Industry Development Bureau Science and Technology Industry Service Center [SME Financing Loan] Can I apply for this loan to repay a loan from another financial institution?
The term of the loan application period for the loan from the bank is as follows: (1) the loan has been approved by the Ministry of Industry and Development of Taipei City Government, and a letter of approval has been issued.
How do I repay this loan after the application is approved?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center, Taipei, Taiwan
The Technology and Industry Service Center of Taipei City Government, Industry Development Bureau 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Finance Loan】 What should I do if I become insolvent or fail to repay on time due to my business operation?
The loan will be paid off in advance if the business is good.
Can the loan be repaid in advance if the business is running well?
Taipei Municipal Government, Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center 【Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Finance Loan】Where can I get this loan information and application form?
If a company moves its business address from a foreign county to Taipei City and continues to operate the same business, does it meet the requirements of this loan?
The Youth Business Start-up Financing Loan】Does a university business school graduate have to take a 20-hour business start-up counseling course in order to be eligible for this loan?
How are the government courses related to entrepreneurship counseling mentioned in this loan recognized?
The Technology and Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau (TIPO) How do I know the course information?
What is the purpose of this loan?
Technology and Industry Service Center of Taipei City Government, Industry Development Bureau (Youth Business Start-up Financing Loan) Is there a special format for the government's course certificate related to business start-up counseling required for this loan?
The Youth Venture Capital Loan】Does the "Digital Course" or "Digital+Enterprise Course" meet the 20-hour requirement for the main points of this loan? How do I find out about the digital courses?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau Technology Industry Service Center 【Youth Entrepreneurship Loan】Does the borrower have to send the SME Credit Guarantee Fund to apply for a loan guarantee?
The Youth Business Start-up Financing Loan (YBFL) is a loan that can be applied for when someone else has established a business for less than 5 years and becomes the responsible person or legal representative.
Taipei City Government Industrial Development Bureau Science and Technology Industry Service Center Can I apply for the "Taipei Small and Medium-sized Enterprise Financing Loan" only once?
Technology Industry Service Center, Taipei City Government Industrial Development Bureau Taipei Small and Medium Enterprises Financing Loan Q&A
Technology and Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government Industrial Development Bureau Can the Taipei City Government provide marketing channels related to the products developed by biotechnology companies?
What is the size of the area used by the Technology Industry Service Center of the Taipei City Government's Industry Development Bureau in the Beitou Shilin Science Park? What is the purpose of introducing the industry?
What are the application requirements for engaging in the manufacturing of APIs, biopharmaceuticals or chemical materials in the Beitou Shilin Science Park?
What are the development goals of the Beitou Shilin Science Park?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau, Science and Technology Industry Service Center 【Youth Venture Capital Loan】What are the circumstances under which an applicant or enterprise may not be able to apply for this loan?
Taipei City Government Industrial Development Bureau Technology and Industry Service Center Taipei City Youth Venture Capital Loan Q & A
The Youth Venture Capital Loan】What documents do I need to attach to apply for this loan?
How do I apply for a credit report?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Council Technology and Industry Service Center Does the Taipei City Government Industry Development Council Technology and Industry Service Center charge a fee for hosting domestic and foreign delegations?
Taipei City Government Industrial Development Bureau Science and Technology Industry Service Center Which entity should I apply to in order to visit the Neihu Science Park? How do I apply?
Taipei City Government Industry Development Bureau Science and Technology Industry Service Center Where can I contact the Taipei Neihu Science and Technology Park for industrial relocation?
How do I apply for admission to the Nangang Software Industrial Park? What are the requirements?
Taipei Municipal Government, Social Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped The vehicle for which the parking permit for the physically and mentally handicapped has been cancelled.
What are the recent concessionary measures of the Social Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in Taipei City Government?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How to use the free rides of the Mini Rehab Bus for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Taipei City Government Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What is the target of the new uniform service of the Parking Permit for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Department of Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Government Social Welfare Bureau, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Government.
Taipei City Government Social Welfare Bureau, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Can I still apply for a special parking space identification card if I have a handbook on physical and mental disabilities?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare of the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Department of Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Hall, July 11, 101 - The new parking identification card system for the physically and mentally handicapped is on the way! Please describe the changes in the new system.
The Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
What is the determination, assessment results and handling of objections by the "Persons with Mobility Disabilities" of the Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government?
How do I apply for a Certificate of Physical and Mental Disability (Handbook) in English?
Will receiving a needs assessment result in the cancellation of current benefits or a reduction in benefits?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare of the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Why Promote the New System for Identification of Physical and Mental Disabilities and Needs Assessment (ICF)?
Does the Needs Assessment assess financial status? Will it affect eligibility or the amount of subsidy received?
When did the method of identification of physical and mental disabilities change from the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government? What is the content? How is it different from before?
Does the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government have to undergo a needs assessment to obtain a certificate of physical and mental impairment?
Does the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government subject all welfare services to a needs assessment?
Has the name of the Handbook on Physical and Mental Disabilities of the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government changed?
Does the needs assessment rely solely on the assessor to determine the needs of the physically and mentally challenged person?
How does the needs assessment officer determine whether a person with a physical or mental disability is mobility impaired?
Will the new system of identification of physical and mental disabilities, types of disabilities and levels of disabilities change?
How do I conduct a needs assessment when the evaluation hospital for the physically and mentally disabled is not the same as the one I am attending?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare of the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, How do people with physical and mental disabilities who live in foreign counties and cities conduct needs assessments?
Is it necessary to interview the person with a physical or mental disability for the needs assessment? If a person with physical disability is unable to go out, can he or she ask a relative or friend to take his or her place?
Taipei City Government Social Welfare Bureau, Physical and Mental Disabilities Division I have received a permanently valid physical and mental handicap manual, do I need to undergo a new physical and mental handicap assessment under the new system?
How will the needs assessment be conducted by the Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government?
What is the application window for the new system of identification of the physically and mentally handicapped in the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government?
How long does it take for a needs assessment to be conducted by the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government?
Does the Handbook for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped become invalid before a certificate of physical and mental handicap has been issued to the Social Welfare Division of Taipei City Government?
How long does it take to know the results of the needs assessment (which welfare services can be used) after receiving a needs assessment from the Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government?
Does a person with a physical or mental disability have to use services based on the results of a needs assessment? Only to find out later that you don't want to use a service, do you need to cancel it from the Social Bureau or apply for a re-needs assessment?
What should I do if I accidentally lose the results of my needs assessment? Need to reapply for a needs assessment?
How does the Social Affairs Bureau of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government proactively link services?
Do welfare services have to be referred by the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government? Can I apply myself?
After the use of the new system for identification of persons with multiple disabilities, can the identification of multiple disabilities be completed in one section only?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Which unit can I contact if I have questions about the needs assessment and related welfare services?
The Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government must be re-evaluated after the implementation of the new system, but my impairment is so severe that it is inconvenient for me to go to the hospital.
How many ways are there to assess the needs of people with physical and mental disabilities in the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei City Government?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare of the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, How do I apply for the new system of certification for physically and mentally handicapped persons living in foreign counties and cities? Can I apply at a district office or laboratory hospital in my county or city of residence?
What are the physical and mental disabilities screening hospitals that are evaluated in conjunction with the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei Municipal Government?
What should I do if I choose to have a joint assessment but cannot complete the needs assessment at the hospital due to an unexpected condition?
What is the process of the new system of identification of persons with physical and mental disabilities in the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei City Government?
Can only people with limited mobility apply for a housing needs assessment?
What should I do if I am not satisfied with the results of the examination?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How to distinguish between real needs assessment personnel?
What should I do if my physical or mental condition changes before the next re-evaluation period?
Where is the Needs Assessment Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei City Government?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Heard news that after the new system is implemented, the issuance of parking permits for the physically handicapped and the identification of necessary companions will be stricter, is it true?
Do I have to revalidate after the implementation of the new system in the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government? Who will inform me?
What should I do if I am not satisfied with the results of the needs assessment?
How long does it take to obtain a certificate of physical and mental impairment from the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government?
Taipei City Government Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What should I do if I disagree with the eligibility for concessions for mobility impairment, rehabus and essential companions?
What should be done when the living needs of persons with physical and mental disabilities change and the welfare service items required are different from the original needs assessment results?
Does the Social Welfare Department of the Taipei City Government need to find a hospital that specializes in the identification of the physically and mentally handicapped in order to perform the new system?
What should I do if I do not check a certain welfare service when I apply for a certificate of physical or mental disability at the district office, but want to use it afterwards?
Can other services (e.g., home services) be used when using the services of the City's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped? Is it related to economic status?
Does the lottery for the 107th Annual Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Taipei City Government provide special places for special groups?
Department of Social Affairs, Taipei City Government, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Can I use the services of a day care center for the physically and mentally handicapped if a foreign domestic helper is employed?
What are the eligibility criteria and eligibility criteria for social insurance premium subsidies for the physically and mentally handicapped? How to apply?
Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Hall, Taiwan
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How do I identify my relatives in the same household when I apply for a parking identification card? How can I prove it?
How to deal with the ambiguous name and license plate number of the applicant's parking permit?
Parking Permit for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Welfare Division, Taipei City Hall, Taiwan
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare of the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Frequently Asked Questions about Parking Space Identification Cards: Can I apply for an expired card?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How to change the number of a parking space identification card for the physically and mentally handicapped
How to identify the authenticity of a parking space identification card for the physically and mentally handicapped in the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei City Government.
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Hall, Taiwan. What application documents should I have?
What does the Social Affairs Bureau of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government do about forged and fraudulent parking identification cards?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What are the locations where motorcycles can be turned into special motorcycles for the physically and mentally handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare of the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How can people with physical and mental disabilities request assistance with social welfare needs?
What are the standards for persons with physical and mental disabilities in the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei City Government?
Does the degree of disability affect the odds of drawing for the City's 107th Annual Disability Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government?
The Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government participates in the draw for the 107th Annual Day Care Centers for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in the city. If the draw is successful and the disability assessment is approved, can the centers be matched with other centers or different steps? Or can they be dropped or interchanged?
After the drawing of lots for the 107th Annual Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in Taipei City, will the drawing of lots be continued? How will future shortfalls be distributed?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, participated in the 107th annual ballot of the city's day care center for the physically and mentally handicapped. Is it possible to fill in the same order for all wishes?
In the 107th year, the city's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped was matched by a lottery. After all the places have been used, will the shortage of places in future years be affected, resulting in ineffective flow of resources?
Is it sustainable after using the services of the City's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Does the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government require a medical examination to use the services of the City's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Disabled?
Is it true that persons who have received the city's physical disability allowance or subsistence allowance cannot apply for the allowance after using a day care center for the physically and mentally handicapped in Taipei City Government? Can I reapply for the City's Disability Allowance or Supplemental Living Allowance when I stop using the services of the Disability Day Care Center after certain years?
Taipei City Government, Social Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What are the service hours, level of disability, and service contents?
Does the degree of disability affect the odds of drawing for the City's 107th Annual Disability Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government?
The Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government participates in the draw for the 107th Annual Day Care Centers for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in the city. If the draw is successful and the disability assessment is approved, can the centers be matched with other centers or different steps? Or can they be dropped or interchanged?
After the drawing of lots for the 107th Annual Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped in Taipei City, will the drawing of lots be continued? How will future shortfalls be distributed?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, participated in the 107th annual ballot of the city's day care center for the physically and mentally handicapped. Is it possible to fill in the same order for all wishes?
In the 107th year, the city's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped was matched by a lottery. After all the places have been used, will the shortage of places in future years be affected, resulting in ineffective flow of resources?
Is it sustainable after using the services of the City's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Does the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government require a medical examination to use the services of the City's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Disabled?
Is it true that persons who have received the city's physical disability allowance or subsistence allowance cannot apply for the allowance after using a day care center for the physically and mentally handicapped in Taipei City Government? Can I reapply for the City's Disability Allowance or Supplemental Living Allowance when I stop using the services of the Disability Day Care Center after certain years?
Taipei City Government, Social Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What are the service hours, level of disability, and service contents?
What is the rate of care in the city's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Disabled? Will I be refused admission if the client is difficult to care for?
What is the current status of the five day care centers for the physically and mentally handicapped in Taipei City? Is it possible to open the tour?
Taipei City Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Will there be transportation services at the future day care center for the physically and mentally handicapped in the city? Can this resource be presented to the case?
What are the differences between the day operation facilities (small workshops) and the day care centers for the mentally and physically disabled in the Social Welfare Division of Taipei City Government?
Does the person with a disability and his or her family need to be present during the disability assessment? How is the disability assessment conducted? How much time does it take? Does it need to be reassessed every year?
Is it possible to achieve a level 2-8 in the disability assessment and is there a relevant assessment tool that can be tested first?
What are the eligibility criteria for using the City's Day Care Center for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Can a case placed in an institution use the services of a day care center for the mentally and physically handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Where can I contact if I have questions about the new system for identification of physical and mental disabilities?
After the implementation of the Second Generation Health Insurance, will the supplemental premium for the Health Insurance for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped be subsidized?
Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government What should I do if I am worried that my rights and benefits at work will be affected if I receive a handbook or certificate?
Does the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government provide subsidies for children of persons with physical or mental disabilities to attend kindergarten?
Is there a subsidy for children with developmental delays to attend kindergarten?
Eligibility for subsidies for day care and residential care for the physically and mentally handicapped, Department of Social Affairs, Taipei City Government
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Day Care and Residential Care for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government Day care and residential care for the physically and mentally handicapped
Application Procedure for Subsidy for Day Care and Residential Care for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
The Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government has set up institutions for the physically and mentally handicapped in the city that meet the subsidy requirements in foreign counties.
Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Bureau of Social Affairs, Taipei City Government Can a person who is a long-term sputum pumping resident in a nursing home apply for subsidies for day care and residential care for the physically and mentally handicapped?
Can an agent be an agency member when applying for subsidies for day care and residential care for the physically and mentally handicapped?
The Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei Municipal Government applies for subsidies for day care and residential care for the mentally and physically handicapped in a low-income status, and the low-income status (change of welfare status) is cancelled.
How can I apply for the subsidies for day care and residential care for the mentally and physically challenged, if the date of stay is not shown in the contract?
Is it necessary for people to obtain a certificate of eligibility for residential care homes for the mentally and physically handicapped?
Is "respiratory care ward" a "nursing home"?
What should I do if I apply for day care and residential care subsidies after the handbook for the physically and mentally handicapped has been revalidated?
If a person with a physical or mental disability needs to change to a residential institution while receiving the subsidy for day care and residential care, how should he/she be connected to the institution?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How to apply for used clothing recycling?
Does the Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government have a ladder-climbing machine for loan or rental? Which units do I need to consult?
Can a person who holds a certificate of major injury or illness apply for a certificate of physical or mental impairment (handbook)?
What should people with physical and mental disabilities do if they cannot apply for or complete a revalidation and needs assessment before the expiration date?
How can I apply for a change of household registration, loss or damage of the certificate (manual), change of name or ID number, etc. after receiving the certificate (manual) from the Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government?
Department of Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Do I have to apply for the National Pension Basic Disability Guaranteed Annuity (or Old Age Basic Guaranteed Annuity) when I already receive the allowance for the physically disabled?
Eligibility for Housing Rental Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Welfare Division, Taipei City Hall
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Housing Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Housing Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Subsidies for Housing Rental Subsidies for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Welfare Division, Taipei City Government
Application Procedure for Rent Subsidy for Housing for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Welfare Division, Taipei City Hall
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Frequently Asked Questions on Rental Subsidies for Housing for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped 2.
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How do I apply for rent subsidy for the physically and mentally handicapped who have not yet reached the expiration date of the rental contract or proof of physical and mental handicap (manual)?
How can I apply for rent subsidy for the physically and mentally handicapped if I move to a new location while the term of the subsidy has not expired?
What should I do if I have received a rent subsidy for housing for the mentally and physically handicapped, but I have not moved to a new location?
Can I apply for rent subsidy for the physically and mentally handicapped again if I receive the Old Age Farmers' Allowance?
When will the rent subsidy for housing for the physically and mentally handicapped be paid to the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei City Government?
The Social Welfare Division, Bureau of Social Affairs, Taipei City Government I would like to apply for the subsidy for the physically and mentally handicapped, but this subsidy has not been available since October 1997.
How is the amount of interest subsidy for housing loan for the mentally and physically handicapped calculated?
How do I apply for interest subsidy for housing loan for the physically and mentally handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Contact Window for Housing Loan Interest Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How long does it take to apply for interest subsidy on housing loans for the physically and mentally handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What information is required to apply for the Housing Loan Interest Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
The Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei Municipal Government is already entitled to the city's related welfare benefits, can I receive the interest subsidy for housing loans for the mentally and physically handicapped?
What are the eligibility criteria for the Housing Loan Interest Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Department of Social Affairs, Bureau of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Government How do I apply for rent subsidy if I move to a new location before the expiration date?
Application Process for Housing Rental Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Division of Social Welfare, Taipei City Hall
How do I apply for the rental subsidy for the physically and mentally handicapped if the term of the subsidy has not expired, but the lease agreement or the certificate of physical and mental handicap (manual) has expired?
When will the rental subsidy for housing for the mentally and physically handicapped be paid by the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government?
Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Hall. What are the eligibility criteria, documents to apply for a parking space identification card for the physically and mentally handicapped, and the agency to contact?
Taipei Municipal Government, Social Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped The vehicle for which the Parking Permit for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped has been scrapped.
What are the recent concessionary measures for mini rehab buses for the physically and mentally handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped How to use the free rides of the Mini Rehab Bus for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare of the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Department of Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Hall, July 11, 101 - The new parking identification card system for the physically and mentally handicapped is on the way! Please describe the changes in the new system.
The Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
What is the determination, assessment results and handling of objections by the "Persons with Mobility Disabilities" of the Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government?
Taipei City Government Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What is the target of the new uniform service of the Parking Permit for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Department of Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Government Social Welfare Bureau, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Government.
Taipei City Government Social Welfare Bureau, Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Can I still apply for a special parking space identification card if I have a handbook on physical and mental disabilities?
Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government
Where can I get a copy of the "Subsidy Table for Assistive Devices for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped" set by the Ministry of Health and Welfare?
Application Process for Artificial Electronic Ear for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Department of Social Affairs, Taipei City Government
Preparedness Information for Subsidizing the Cost of Assistive Devices for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Welfare Division, Taipei City Hall
Taipei Municipal Government, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ): Can I apply for an artificial ear for the physically and mentally handicapped this year and have the surgery next year?
What are the eligibility criteria for applying for electricity concessions for household appliances and essential living aids for the physically and mentally handicapped in the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei Municipal Government?
What are the items of life support equipment and necessary living aids that are eligible for electricity concessions?
What are the monthly electricity rates of the Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Taipei City Government?
What are the requirements for applying for electricity concessions for air-conditioners?
What are the requirements for applying for the electric heater discount?
How to apply for "Electricity Discount for Life Support Equipment and Essential Living Aids for Persons with Physical and Mental Disabilities at Home"?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What documents are required to apply for the electricity discount?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Can a person who is not domiciled in the city but actually lives in the city apply for a discount on electricity consumption in the city?
Is there any financial restriction on the application of electricity discount?
Can I ask someone else to apply for the electricity discount on my behalf?
Is there any limitation on the validity of the diagnostic certificate or aids evaluation report attached to the application for electricity discount?
What is the maximum period of time after the application for electricity concessions is approved by the Social Welfare Division of Taipei City Government?
Can people with physical and mental disabilities who live in institutions apply for electricity discounts?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped Which department can I contact if I have any questions about the electricity discount or the calculation of the discount?
Department of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Taipei City Hall, Taiwan
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Is there a time limit for applying for the subsidy for aids for the physically and mentally handicapped?
What is the application website and hotline for 24-hour sign language interpretation service and dictation service of the Social Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Taipei City Government?
Eligibility for Living Aids (Apparatus Subsidy, Aids Service), Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Hall, Taiwan
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Department of Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government
Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government
What are the eligibility criteria for the Parking Subsidy for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped?
How is the amount of the parking allowance for the mentally and physically handicapped calculated by the Social Welfare Division of the Taipei Municipal Government?
What is the checking mechanism for the parking subsidy for the mentally and physically handicapped in the Department of Social Affairs of the Taipei City Government?
What types of vehicles do the Division of Social Welfare for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Taipei City Government administer to subsidize the rental of parking spaces for the physically and mentally handicapped?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
The Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government. Can a person who has already received a monthly parking pass from the city's parking office receive a parking subsidy?
What are the eligibility criteria for the interest subsidy for the purchase of parking spaces for the physically and mentally handicapped?
How is the amount of interest subsidy for the purchase of a parking space loan for the physically and mentally handicapped calculated?
How do I apply for the interest subsidy for the parking loan for the physically and mentally handicapped?
Can a person who is already entitled to a monthly parking pass from the city's parking office receive interest subsidy for the purchase of a parking space for the physically and mentally handicapped again?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped What information is required to apply for the parking subsidy for the physically and mentally handicapped?
The Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government. How long does it take to apply for the interest subsidy for the purchase of a parking space for the physically and mentally handicapped?
What information is required to apply for the interest subsidy for the purchase of parking spaces for the physically and mentally handicapped?
What is the determination, assessment results and handling of objections for the mentally and physically handicapped by the Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government?
Taipei City Hall, Social Affairs Bureau, Welfare Division for the Physically and Mentally Handicapped, reported that there will be new changes to the parking permits for the physically and mentally handicapped, when will they be implemented? What has changed? Will the future dedicated parking identification card only be available for people with limited mobility and physical disabilities? How is mobility impairment defined? How are the counties and cities recognized by the standards?
Can children under the age of 18 be employed in restaurants, specialty cafes, restricted video games, casinos, adult sex shops, etc., or in places involving violence or pornography that endanger children and their bodies?
Department of Child and Juvenile Welfare, Social Affairs Bureau, Taipei City Government I would like to donate money or materials to the nursery, which units can I donate to?
The Child and Adolescent Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government has found that children and adolescents (including those with developmental delays or physical or mental disabilities) have no parents or have lost contact with their parents and need emergency medical attention.
Children, adolescents, physically and mentally handicapped persons who have been abandoned, abused, not properly cared for (e.g., have not eaten for a long time), or whose parents are sick or imprisoned, etc., and require emergency placement.
Can children under the age of 18 view, use violent, pornographic, obscene computers, or game software?
What should I report to the Child and Juvenile Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government if I find that a store, website, or person sells, supplies, or offers to download violent, pornographic, or obscene restricted-grade computers and game software to children or juveniles under the age of 18?
How do I apply for assistance for children and adolescents from disadvantaged families and what documents should I prepare? Apply to those units?
What should be done about children or juveniles with behavioral problems at home?
How do I report a child or juvenile under the age of 18 who is at risk of sexual exploitation (e.g., sitting at a table with a drinker, singing with a singer, or serving sexually explicit waiters) to the Child and Juvenile Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government?
The Child and Juvenile Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government has found that children and juveniles (including those with developmental delays or physical or mental disabilities) have been abandoned, abused, not properly cared for (e.g., not eating for a long time, living alone, vagrancy), or their parents (or other primary caregivers) are sick or in prison and need emergency placement.
I want to adopt a child. I don't know where to apply.
How do I apply for a subsidy for the cost of entrusted placement and shelter for children and juveniles from families at risk?
The Child and Juvenile Welfare Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government has found lost, abandoned or unidentified children who require emergency placement.
What is the process by which the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government accepts donations of materials?
How does the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government accept donations?
The Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government inquires about the progress of payment for property, labor and construction.
The Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei Municipal Government (TMTG) is responsible for the provision of welfare payments on behalf of workers?
How do I apply for reimbursement of lost expenditure certificates?
Can the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government provide the Social Affairs Bureau's budget for recent years?
How do I obtain the "Annual Report on Social Business Statistics" prepared by the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government?
Is the statistical report prepared by the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government posted on the website?
What are the eligibility criteria, amount of benefits, and rules for applying for reinstatement of benefits for the elderly?
What is the difference between a lost prevention bracelet for the elderly and a lost prevention bracelet for the physically and mentally challenged?
Social Affairs Bureau of Taipei City Government How do I check the list of senior welfare organizations and the status of beds in Taipei City?
Bureau of Social Affairs, Taipei City Government Q&A on the 106th Annual External Customer Satisfaction Survey
How does the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government conduct environmental disinfection for the prevention of enterovirus?
What information does the Women's Welfare and Child Care Division of the Social Affairs Bureau of the Taipei City Government require to apply for a child care allowance?
How do I know my tax rate for the most recent year as approved by the tax collection agency?
Taipei Municipal Government, Bureau of Social Affairs, Women's Welfare and Child Care Division I would like to apply for a child care allowance. If my child is not claimed by both parents, but by someone else (e.g. grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc.), how should I calculate it?
I just got married last year, and I want to apply for childcare subsidies for the employed and childcare subsidies.